New scenario to support Azure Arc Enabled Kubernetes on edge devices (IoT) (#545)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/iot_uses_cases/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "IoT Uses Cases"
linkTitle: "IoT Uses Cases"

> weight: 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 13
```

description: >-

>   If you do not yet have a Kubernetes cluster, the scenario in this section will guide on creating an AKS cluster on Azure IoT Edge an Azure Arc in an automated fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you do not yet have a Kubernetes cluster, the scenarios in this section will guide you on using AKS as an Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster and simulate Azure IoT Edge environment in an automated fashion.
```
